Add docs to 5xx (#18196)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/05-technical-reference/ac-01-application-gateway-details.md

The modified `Location` header has the following format: `{APP_GATEWAY_URL}:{APP_GATEWAY_PORT}/{APP_NAME}/{SERVICE_NAME}/{SUB-PATH}`.

This functionality makes the HTTP clients that originally called Application Gateway follow redirects through the Gateway, and not to the service directly. 

> This allows for passing authorization, custom headers, URL parameters, and the body without an issue.

Reviewer: Can you also copy the changes to https://github.com/kyma-project/application-connector-manager/blob/main/docs/user/technical-reference/07-10-application-gateway-details.md ?

> Application Gateway also rewrites all `5xx` status codes to a `502`. In such a case, the `Target-System-Status` header will contain the original code returned by the target. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application Gateway also rewrites all the `5xx` status codes to a `502`. In such a case, the `Target-System-Status` header contains the original code returned by the target. 
```
